feat: add flutter replay docs (#11611)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/explore/session-replay/mobile/index.mdx

## SDKs Supported

> Session Replay for mobile is currently available for Android and iOS on both native SDKs as well as React Native and Flutter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session Replay for mobile is currently available for Android and iOS on both native SDKs, as well as for React Native and Flutter.
```

> We recommend updating to the latest, but the miminum versions supported are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend updating to the latest version, but the minimum versions supported are:
```
